NAS-104007 update docs for new iocage pool activation dialog. (#1640)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/jails.rst

screen displays a message and button to :guilabel:`CREATE POOL` if no
pools exist on the %brand% system.

> If a pool exist, but no pool has been activated with iocage, a

Reviewer: This can be more general.
```suggestion
If pools exist, but none have been chosen for use with jails or plugins, a
```

> drop-down appears to select a pool. Select an appropriate pool and

Reviewer: Drop-down is an implementation detail, what the user sees is a dialog.
The user doesn't know which pools are "appropriate", so saying that just adds stress to the choice.
```suggestion
dialog appears to choose a pool. Select a pool and
```

click :guilabel:`CHOOSE`.

> Multiple pools can be activated to store iocage jails and plugins. To

Reviewer: Not clear what this means.  It sounds like I can choose more than one pool for jails and plugins, but that's not what the UI does.  It just lets you choose a different one.  It's not necessary to refer to iocage here at all, another implementation detail.

select another pool, click |ui-settings|. A drop-down shows the

> active pool. Another pool can be selected from the drop down to

Reviewer: "Another", or "A different"?

> to be used for iocage jails and plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be used for jails and plugins.
```
